# Julia set

This is a problem that can be parallelized easily using various approaches. The
problem is to generate an image of the Julia set for a given complex number
`c`. The Julia set is defined as the set of complex numbers `z` for which the
sequence `z`, `z^2 + c`, `(z^2 + c)^2 + c`, ... remains bounded. The image is
generated by coloring each pixel according to the number of iterations required
for the sequence to escape a circle of radius 2.

The problem can be parallelized by dividing the image into smaller regions.


## What is it?

1. Environment
    - `.Rprofile`: R profile file that activates `renv`.
    - `renv.lock`: lock file for the R environment.
    - `renv`: directory with the R environment.
      - `activate.R`: script to activate the R environment.
      - `settings.json`: settings file for the R environment.
1. `julia_utils.R`: R functions to handle command line arguments.
1. `julia_serial.R`: R functions that generate the Julia set for a given
   complex number `c` using a serial algorithm.
1. `julia_single_loops.R`: R functions that generate the Julia set that uses a
   single loop to iterate over the points.
1. `julia_double_loops.R`: R functions that generate the Julia set using two
   loops to iterate over the points.
1. `julia_double_loops_column_major.R`: R functions that generate the Julia set
   using two loops to iterate over the points, in column major access pattern.
1. `julia_foreach.R`: R functions that generate the Julia set using the `foreach`
   package over the outer loop.
1. `julia_foreach_parallel.R`: R functions that generate the Julia set using the
   `foreach` package over the outer loop in parallel.
1. `julia.R`: R script that generates the Julia set for a given complex number
   `c` using a given implementation.
1. `check.sh`: bash script that checks the output of the different
  implementations.
1. `clear_cache.ccp`: C++ program that clears the cache by allocating a large
   array and write/read it.
1. `benchmark.sh`: bash script that benchmarks the different implementations using
   `hyperfine`.
1. `parallel_complex_consts.R`: R script that generates the Julia set for a
   a series of complex numbers using the `foreach` package over the constats.
   Illustrates embarassingly parallel problems.
1. `parallel_sizes.R`: R script that generates the Julia set for a series of
   sizes of the image using the `foreach` package over the outer loop.  Illustrates
   load balancing issues.

